Add REFRESH SCHEMA to ALTER SOURCE (#2008)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-alter-table.md

-- Change the name of the table named "table0" to "table1"
ALTER TABLE table0 RENAME TO table1;
```

### `REFRESH SCHEMA`

```sql title=Syntax
ALTER TABLE table_name
    REFRESH SCHEMA;
```

> This clause alters the schema registry of the able with connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This clause alters the schema registry of the table `t_user`, which was created with connectors.
```

Reviewer: A bit wordier, but I think the "which was created" part makes things more clear. .
